                                  CODE OF STATE

RULES OF DEBATE. (ยง 1-1029)

(a) Presiding officer may debate and vote, etc. 
The Mayor or such other member of the Council who may be presiding may move,
second and debate from the chair, subject only to such limitations of debate as
are by these rules imposed on all members and shall not be deprived of any
rights and privileges of a Council member by reason of his acting as the
presiding officer.

(b) Getting the floor; improper references to be avoided. 
Every member desiring to speak shall address the chair and, upon recognition by
the presiding officer, shall confine himself to the question under debate,
avoiding all personalities and indecorous language.

(c) Interruptions. 
A member, once recognized, shall not be interrupted when speaking unless it be
to call the member to order, or as herein otherwise provided. If a member, while
speaking, be called to order, the member shall cease speaking until the question
of order be determined, and if in order, the member shall be permitted to
proceed.

(d) Privilege of closing debate. 
The Council member moving the adoption of an ordinance or resolution shall have
the privilege of closing the debate.

(e) Motion to reconsider. 
A motion to reconsider any action taken by the Council may be made only on the
day such action was taken. It may be made either immediately during the same
session or at a recessed or adjourned session thereof. Such motion must be made
by one of the prevailing side but may be seconded by any member and may be made
at any time and have precedence over all other motions or while a member has the
floor; it shall be debatable. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent any
member of the Council from making or remaking the same or any other motion at a
subsequent meeting of the Council.

(f) Remarks of council member, when entered in minutes. 
A Council member may request, through the presiding officer, the privilege of
having an abstract of the member&#8217;s statement on any subject under
consideration by the Council entered in the minutes. If the Council consents
thereto, such statement shall be entered in the minutes. 
(Code 1959 , ยง2-9)
