                                  CODE OF STATE

DEFINITIONS. (ยง 11-2201)

(a) Operator. 
The word operator as used in this article, shall mean and include every
individual who shall operate a vehicle as the owner thereof, or as the agent,
employee or permittee of the owner, or is in actual physical control of a
vehicle.

(b) Park, parking. 
The word park or parking, as used in this article, shall mean the standing of a
vehicle, whether occupied or not, upon a street otherwise than temporarily for
the purpose of, and while actually engaged in, receiving or discharging
passengers or loading or unloading merchandise or in obedience to traffic
regulations, signs or signals or an involuntary stopping of the vehicle by
reason of causes beyond the control of the operator of the vehicle.

(c) Parking meter. 
The word parking meter, as used in this article, shall mean and include any
mechanical device or meter not inconsistent with this chapter placed or erected
for the regulation of parking by authority of this chapter. Each parking meter
installed shall indicate by proper legend the legal parking time established by
the City and when operated shall at all times indicate the balance of legal
parking time, and at the expiration of such period shall indicate illegal or
overtime parking.

(d) Parking meter zone. 
The words parking meter zone, as used in this article, shall mean and include
any restricted street upon which parking meters are installed and in operation.

(e) Parking meter space. 
The words parking meter space, as used in this article, shall mean any space
within a parking meter zone, adjacent to a parking meter and which is duly
designated for the parking of a single vehicle by lines painted or otherwise
durably marked on the curb or on the surface of the street adjacent to or
adjoining the parking meters. 
(Code 1959 , ยง21-44) 
Annotation: Metered parking is permissible, if for a regulatory, rather than
revenue-earning purpose. State v. Scoggin, 236 NC 1, 72 S.E. 2d 97 (1952).
