                                  CODE OF STATE

STANDING FOR LOADING ONLY. (§ 11-2177)

(a) Passenger loading and unloading. 
No person shall stop, stand or park a vehicle for any purpose or period of time
other than for the expeditious loading or unloading of passengers in any place
marked as a passenger loading and unloading zone during the hours when the
regulations applicable to such zones or stops are effective, and then for a
period not to exceed ten (10) minutes. Passenger loading and unloading zones and
the regulations applicable thereto, shall be as designated in official Traffic
Schedule No. 16, &#8220;Passenger Loading and Unloading Zones.

(b) Materials loading and unloading. 
No person shall stop, stand or park a vehicle for any purpose or length of time
other than for the expeditious unloading and delivery, or pickup and loading of
materials in any place marked as a loading and unloading zone during hours when
the provisions applicable to loading zones are in effect. In no case shall the
stop for loading or unloading of materials exceed sixty (60) minutes. Unless
otherwise stated these loading zones shall be in effect from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m., Monday through Saturday. Materials loading and unloading zones and the
regulations applicable thereto shall be as designated in official Traffic
Schedule No. 17, &#8220;Materials Loading and Unloading Zones.&#8221;

(c) Exemption for television transmission. 
Notwithstanding provisions of this section to the contrary, and for the sole
purpose of television signal transmission, it shall be lawful for a vehicle
containing mobile television transmission equipment to park in a space
designated as a passenger loading zone or a loading zone. Provided, however,
that such vehicle shall only remain in the space for the minimum period of time
required to prepare for the transmission of live television signals, and in no
event for longer than one (1) hour.

(d) Truck loading zones. 
Truck loading zones shall be established as provided in this subsection.
&#8220;Truck loading&#8221; shall mean the stopping or standing of any type of
truck for the exclusive purpose of loading or unloading merchandise. For the
purpose of definition in this section, a truck shall be classified as a vehicle
designed to be used for the transportation of cargo including tractor trailer
units, single-unit trucks, vans displaying a North Carolina commercial license
plate (two (2) alphabetical characters followed by four (4) numeric characters),
and pickup trucks; but excluding vehicles not principally designed for the
transportation or cargo, such as motorcycles, passenger cars with or without
trailers, station wagons or other noncargo vehicles. It shall be unlawful for
trucks to park in official truck loading zones except for the exclusive purpose
of loading or unloading merchandise. Truck loading zones and the regulations
applicable thereto, shall be as designated in official Traffic Schedule No. 18,
&#8220;Truck Loading Zones.&#8221;

(e) Commercial vehicle only loading zone.

(i) Definition. For purposes of this section, &#8220;commercial vehicle&#8221;
shall mean a truck or other vehicle upon which the name, logo, or other
designation of the person owning or operating the vehicle is painted or
otherwise permanently affixed to the vehicle in letters or markings at least two
inches in height, or which displays a valid North Carolina commercial license
plate. 
(ii)	Use, generally. It shall be unlawful for any person to either (1) park any
vehicle, other than a commercial vehicle, in any commercial loading zone as
designated by the City in official Traffic Schedule No. 24, or (2) during the
enforcement hours described in Traffic Schedule No. 24, &#8220;Commercial
Loading Zones,&#8221; to utilize a commercial loading zone for any purpose other
than expeditiously loading or unloading property, goods or merchandise from a
commercial vehicle. In addition to any applicable fine or penalty, any vehicle
parked in violation of this section shall be subject to being ticketed or cited
at the discretion of any law enforcement officer or parking enforcement officer.

(iii)	Area affected. This section shall apply only within the downtown business
district bounded by East Street on the East, West Street and Glenwood Avenue on
the West, Peace Street on the North and South Street to the South. Commercial
loading zones and the regulations applicable thereto, shall be designated in
official Traffic Schedule No. 24, &#8220;Commercial Loading Zones.&#8221; 
(Code 1959 , §21-28; Ord. No. 2006-990, §§1, 2, 3-21-06; Ord. No. 2006-67,
§§1, 2, 8-8-06) 
Cross reference: Schedules incorporated by reference, §11-2004
