                                  CODE OF STATE

PARKING PROHIBITED IN CERTAIN PLACES. (§ 11-2171)

(a) Obstructing traffic. 
It shall be unlawful for any person to stop, stand or park any vehicle upon a
street, or alley, in such manner or under such conditions as to obstruct the
free movement of vehicular traffic, except that a driver may stop temporarily
during the actual unloading of passengers or when necessary to obey traffic
regulations or signs or signals, or signals of a police officer.

(b) 

   (1) 	On a sidewalk, in the area between the roadway and the sidewalk, in the
   area between the right-of-way line and the roadway or in the median area of a
   divided roadway. 
   

   (2) 	On or within twelve (12) feet of a crosswalk. 
   

   (3) 	Within an intersection. 
   

   (4) 	Within twenty-five (25) feet upon the approach to any flashing beacon,
   stop sign or traffic-control signal located at the side of a street or
   roadway. 
   

   (5) 	Underpass approaches. No vehicle shall park on either side of any street
   approaching a railroad underpass or overhead bridge within fifty (50) feet in
   any direction of the outer edge of such underpass or overhead bridge. 
   

   (6) 	Grade crossing approaches. No vehicle shall park on either side of any
   street approaching a grade crossing within fifty (50) feet of the closest
   rail; provided, that where existing permanent structures are located along the
   street and closer than fifty (50) feet, parking may be permitted in front of
   such structures, unless otherwise prohibited, if the parking does not
   interfere with the view in either direction of an approaching locomotive or
   train. 
   

   (7) 	Alongside or opposite any street excavation or obstruction when such
   stopping, standing or parking would obstruct traffic. 
   

   (8) 	Upon any bridge or other elevated structure or within any underpass
   structure.
   

   (9) 	On the roadway side of any vehicle stopped, standing or parked at the
   edge or curb of a street. 
   (10)	Within fifteen (15) feet in either direction of a fire hydrant, unless a
   greater or lesser distance is designated by action of the Council and
   appropriate signs or markings are displayed. 
   

   (11. 	Within five (5) feet on either side from a private road or driveway, or
   in such a manner to block the passage of vehicles to or from such road or
   driveway. 
   

   (12. 	City-owned parking areas. It shall be unlawful in any off-street lot or
   area owned by the City and provided for general public parking to park a motor
   vehicle, or for the registered owner of a motor vehicle to allow such vehicle
   to be parked, in any manner other than within properly designated parking
   spaces. 
   Further, in any such off-street parking lot or area owned by the City and
   provided for general public parking, it shall be unlawful to park a motor
   vehicle or for the registered owner of a motor vehicle to allow such vehicle
   to be parked, in such a manner as would block or otherwise obstruct the
   reasonable ingress to or egress from such parking area or lot by other motor
   vehicles, or as would block or obstruct the passage of emergency vehicles
   through such parking area or lot. 
   

   (13. 	In any parking place designated as a car share space unless the vehicle
   belongs to a car sharing agency or company approved by and listed with the
   City of Raleigh pursuant to §11-2001 of this Code. 
   (Code 1959 , §21-34(a); Ord. No. 1982-821, §1, 1-5-82; Ord. No. 1982-933,
   §1, 6-29-82; Ord. No. 1990-591, §1, 6-5-90; Ord. No. 2012-122, §2,
   11-20-12, eff. 11-27-12) 
   Cross reference: Parking restrictions in City-owned parks, Part 9, Ch. 2, Art.
   B. 
   State law reference: Stopping on highway prohibited, G.S. 20-161.
