                                  CODE OF STATE

EXCEPTIONS TO PARKING TIME LIMITATIONS AND TO REQUIRED ACTIVATION OF PARKING
METERS BY DEPOSIT OF COINS; PARKING SPACE ENCUMBRANCE. (§ 11-2207)

(a) When parking or loading on the streets of the City is prohibited for longer
than the time limits stated in this chapter and/or when parking is permitted in
metered parking spaces only when the operator of a vehicle, upon entering the
parking meter space, immediately activates or causes to be activated the timing
mechanism on the meter in accordance with this chapter, the operator of a motor
vehicle or other person may park on or otherwise encumber the parking areas or
metered spaces or loading zones on the streets of the City for periods of time
longer than otherwise permitted by this chapter and without activating any
parking meter or meters when the following conditions have been satisfied and
when a permit has been issued for the encumbrance of a parking area.

(b) 

   (1) 	Persons requiring temporary parking space immediately adjacent to
   residential, commercial or industrial buildings for loading or unloading of
   building or office equipment or personal property and who satisfy the review
   agent that the use of the parking spaces is necessary in order to move the
   equipment or property. 
   

   (2) 	Persons having a permit from the Director of the Department of City
   Planning or his designee in connection with any building construction or
   demolition project that will take thirty (30) or fewer calendar days to
   complete and who satisfy the review agent that the use of the parking spaces
   is necessary to the completion of the project. Projects that will take longer
   than thirty (30) calendar days to complete may be allocated street space
   provided that a permit is procured for the space or spaces needed. The per
   space per day fee for any such permit shall be set by the City Manager and
   shall be an amount equal to the highest daily parking rate for all City
   parking decks, garages, and surface lots. The fee shall be paid in advance for
   the estimated time for the completion of the work. Any work done beyond the
   initial estimate will be paid for at the completion of the project. The City
   reserves the right to rescind any such permit and will refund any overpayment
   of the fee if the permit is rescinded. 
   

   (3) 	Persons having a permit from the Inspections Department to perform any
   plumbing, electrical, heating, sign-hanging or other project in any public way
   or on premises adjacent to any street, alley, or sidewalk, and who satisfy the
   review agent that the use of the parking space(s) is necessary to facilitate
   the project. 
   

   (4) 	Persons engaged in any public improvement under contract with the City or
   engaged in any work under the supervision of the City Engineer, who have a
   certification from the City Manager that the use of the parking spaces is
   necessary to facilitate the project. 
   

   (5) 	Representatives of the Wake County Board of Elections, upon request that
   additional parking is required on an election day at one (1) or more polling
   places to accommodate voters. 
   

   (6) 	Persons who are operating civic or convention centers as defined in
   §10-2002 of this Code. The Inspections Director may set aside parking for
   such a facility pursuant to this standard on any block face adjoining the
   facility or on any block face adjoining the block faces immediately adjoining
   the facility. No such reservation shall be for a period of more than three (3)
   consecutive days, and any such reservation shall not include existing loading
   zones within the reserved area. 
   

   (7) 	Persons who are operating hotels, motels, or other places of assembly in
   the downtown exempt parking area as defined in §10-2061(k)(2) may request the
   reservation of on-street spaces adjoining their facility when the facility is
   hosting a conference or other meeting which will create a demand for parking
   which cannot be satisfied by the facility&#8217;s existing off-street parking.
   No such reservation shall be effective for more than three (3) consecutive
   days, and any such reservation shall not include existing loading zones within
   the reserved area. 
   

   (8) 	The City Manager may at any time authorize the reservation of metered or
   unmetered parking spaces for the purpose of loading and unloading passenger
   buses. No such reservation shall exceed seventy-two (72) consecutive hours. 
   

   (9) 	Contractors engaged in the servicing of building equipment limited to
   electrical, mechanical, plumbing, fire alarm, fire pump, and building elevator
   contractors may apply for a one-day renewable permit to perform such work.
   There shall be an administrative fee assessed for each permit equal to nine
   (9) times the current parking meter hourly rate. This permit shall be
   available only in the areas delineated in §10-2081(c) and §10A-2061(k)(2) of
   this Code. 
   (10)	Movers engaged in moving the contents of a home, office, industrial or
   other commercial site from one location to another for the continued use of
   the same party may apply for a one-day renewable permit to encumber one (1) or
   more parking spaces while completing the work. The fee for this permit shall
   be the same as the fee for the permit described in subsection (9) above. 
   

(c) 

   (1) 	Persons licensed as funeral directors and holding services in any funeral
   home or church shall be exempted from making application and receiving permits
   provided for by this section so long as suitable markings are used to indicate
   to the public that a funeral is in progress. 
   

   (2) 	Public utilities engaging in construction and maintenance work in/or
   adjacent to any public way that have a right-of-way permit for such work shall
   be exempted from making application and receiving permits provided for by this
   section so long as suitable markings are used to indicate to the public that
   such work is being undertaken. 
   (Code 1959 , §21-48.1; Ord. No. 1984-452, §1, 12-4-84; Ord. No. 1989-424,
   §§1—3, 9-5-89; Ord. No. 1992-988, §1, 6-2-92; Ord. No. 2001-56, §1,
   7-17-01; Ord. No. 2011-914, §1, 6-21-11) 
   Cross reference: Temporary parking restrictions by the Chief of Police,
   §11-2181
