                                  CODE OF STATE

TRUCK ROUTES. (§ 11-2132)

(a) 

   (1) 	Trucks. 
   The word truck or trucks shall mean any motor vehicle used or designed to be
   used for the transportation of cargo or passengers, including but not limited
   to the following: Trucks; intercity buses; truck-drawn trailers when the truck
   is equipped with dual rear wheels. The following motor vehicles are excluded
   from this meaning: Passenger automobiles; pickup trucks; vehicles not having
   dual rear wheels; motorcycles; motor scooters; school buses; charter buses;
   and other nonscheduled buses. 
   

   (2) 	Through truck. 
   The term through truck shall mean any truck having three (3) or more axles or
   any two-axle truck with dual rear wheels towing a trailer which passes through
   the City without stopping for the purpose of either collecting or discharging
   cargo or for the purpose of either collecting or discharging passengers. 
   

   (3) 	Cargo. 
   The word cargo shall mean any property transported by truck. 
   

   (4) 	Operator. 
   The word operator shall mean the person physically operating a truck or a
   person therein and directing its operation. 
   

   (5) 	Intersection of routes. 
   The term intersection of routes shall mean the point reached on a highway
   within the City at which a direction sign indicates that a turn should be made
   from one route to another. 
   

   (6) 	Direction sign. 
   The term direction sign shall mean the customary highway marker designating
   the highway route number or that a certain direction should be followed to
   reach a given destination. 
   

   (7) 	Local truck. 
   The term local truck shall mean any truck having three (3) or more axles or
   any two-axle truck with dual rear wheels towing a trailer and which enters,
   leaves or operates within the City for the purpose of either collecting or
   discharging cargo, or for the purpose of either collecting or discharging
   passengers within the City. 
   

   (8) 	Through truck route. 
   The term through truck route shall mean those routes or streets established in
   subsection (b) and designated by signs as numbered Interstate, U.S., or N.C.
   routes and Wade Avenue Extension from I-40 to the Raleigh Beltline (I-440).
   Provided that all U.S. and N.C. numbered routes inside the Raleigh Beltline
   (I-440) shall remain &#8220;local truck routes.&#8221; The above provision
   allows through trucks to use Wade Avenue Extension between I-40 and the
   Beltline. This expressway type facility is suitable for the through truck
   network. The provision also provides that through trucks must only use I-440
   to pass Raleigh. 
   

   (9) 	Local truck route. 
   The term local truck route shall mean those routes or streets established in
   subsection (d) and designated by signs as local truck routes. 
   (10)	Passenger. 
   The word passenger shall mean any person transported by truck. 
   

   (11. 	Visiting truck. 
   The term visiting truck shall mean any truck having three (3) or more axles or
   any two-axle truck with dual rear wheels towing a trailer which passes through
   the City for the purpose of collecting or discharging cargo at a single trip
   origin or destination. 
   

(b) Through truck routes. 
Through truck routes as defined herein are established for the passage of
through trucks as defined herein, over the streets and highways within the City,
according to the map entitled &#8220;Official Traffic Schedule No. 10, Through
Truck Routes.&#8221;

(c) 

   (1) 	The operator of a through truck entering the City on any through trucking
   route shall proceed exclusively on a through truck route until he leaves the
   City. 
   

   (2) 	The operator of a through truck entering the City by way of a route not a
   through truck route or local truck route shall, upon entering the City,
   proceed to the nearest through truck or local truck route, whichever is
   nearer. Upon reaching a local truck route, the operator of a through truck
   shall proceed along such local truck route or routes to the nearest through
   truck route. Upon reaching the through truck route, the operator of a through
   truck shall proceed exclusively upon a through truck route until he leaves the
   City. 
   

(d) 

   (1) 	Local trucks may travel over any street or highway within the area
   bounded by the following streets: Wade Avenue from West Street to Downtown
   Boulevard; Downtown Boulevard from Wade Avenue to Peace Street; Peace Street
   from Downtown Boulevard toPersonStreet;PersonStreet from Peace Street to
   Edenton Street; Edenton Street fromPersonStreet to East Street; East Street
   from Edenton Street to South Street; South Street from East Street to Boylan
   Avenue; Boylan Avenue from South Street to Peace Street; Peace Street from
   Boylan Avenue to West Street; West Street from Peace Street to Wade Avenue. 
   

   (2) 	Designated streets are hereby established as local truck routes for the
   passage of local trucks over the streets and highways within the City,
   according to official Traffic Schedule No. 11, &#8220;Local Truck
   Routes.&#8221; 
   

(e) 

   (1) 	The operator of a local truck shall, upon leaving the origin of his trip,
   proceed by the shortest route to the nearest through truck route or local
   truck route. 
   

   (2) 	The operator of a local truck proceeding on a local truck route or a
   through route shall proceed exclusively on such truck route or routes until he
   reaches a point on that route which allows him to proceed by the shortest
   route to his destination. 
   

   (3) 	The operator of a local truck entering the City on a route other than a
   through truck route or local truck route shall, upon entering the City,
   proceed by the shortest route to the nearest local truck route or through
   truck route and shall proceed on such route until the point on such route
   nearest his destination is reached. 
   

   (4) 	When the shortest route between the origin and the destination of a local
   truck is less than the distance between the origin and the nearest truck
   route, the operator of such local truck shall not be required to proceed to a
   through truck route or a local truck route before proceeding to his
   destination. 
   

   (5) 	When the shortest route between the origin and destination of a local
   truck is less than the shortest route between the destination and the nearest
   local truck route or through truck route, the operator of a local truck shall
   not be required to proceed to the nearest local truck route or through truck
   route before proceeding to his destination. 
   

   (6) 	When the shortest route between the point of entry into the City and the
   destination of a local truck is less than the shortest route from the point of
   entry into the City to the nearest through truck route, or local truck route,
   the operator of a local truck, upon entering the City, shall not be required
   to proceed to the nearest through truck route or local truck route before
   proceeding to his destination. 
   

(f) 

   (1) 	The operator of a visiting truck entering and passing through the City
   shall proceed exclusively on a through truck route or routes until he reaches
   a point on such route which allows him to proceed by the shortest route to his
   destination. 
   

   (2) 	The operator of a visiting truck leaving the City shall proceed by the
   shortest route to a through truck route and shall proceed exclusively on such
   through truck route or routes until he leaves the City. 
   

(g) Provisions mandatory; noncompliance declared unlawful. 
The provisions of this section and every subsection hereof are mandatory and not
merely directory, and failure to comply with the provisions of this section or
any subsection hereof is hereby declared to be unlawful and punishable as
provided by law. 
(Code 1959 , §21-22; Ord. No. 1980-526, §1, 11-18-80; Ord. No. 1981-717, §1,
8-4-81; Ord. No. 1984-261, §1, 1-3-84; Ord. No. 1986-734, §§1—3, 2-18-86;
Ord. No. 1988-182, §§1, 2, 6-7-88; Ord. No. 1991-825, §1, 7-16-91) 
Cross reference: Schedules incorporated by reference, §11-2004
