                                  CODE OF STATE

VALET PARKING. (ยง 11-2186)

(a) [Valet parking.] 
Valet parking means the business of using the streets for the purposes of
loading and unloading passengers to and from vehicles and for the parking of
those vehicles. Valet parking shall only be operated in connection with a
designated valet parking zone.

(b) [Permit required.] 
No person shall engage in the business of operating valet parking service in the
City without first obtaining a permit pursuant to this section. The operator
shall also be required to obtain a valid privilege license from the City but the
Revenue Collector cannot issue such privilege license until the valet parking
permit has been obtained.

(c) 

   (1) 	The name, age, business address and residence of the applicant if a
   natural person; if a corporation, its name, address of its principal office,
   and the names of its principal officers together with their respective
   addresses; if a partnership, association, or other unincorporated entity, the
   names of the partners, or the names of those comprising the association or
   company with the address of each. 
   

   (2) 	The experience of the applicant in the provision of such services and
   whether any similar permit in any jurisdiction has ever been revoked, and if
   so, the circumstances of such revocation. 
   

   (3) 	The uniform or insignia to be used to designate the applicant&#8217;s
   employees.
   

   (4) 	The street and sidewalk locations and the times during which applicant
   intends to provide valet service. 
   

   (5) 	Whether the applicant or any of its principal officers or employees has
   ever been convicted of a felony or a violation of any narcotic law, or a crime
   involving moral turpitude. 
   

   (6) 	Such other information that the Public Works Director or his designee
   believes necessary to assure that the public streets can meet their main
   purpose of carrying motor vehicular traffic. 
   

(d) Insurance. 
No permit shall be issued or continued in operation, and no person shall operate
a valet parking service unless and until there is in full force and effect a
motor vehicle liability insurance policy insuring such owner and each employee
thereof, and unless and until such owner shall file with the City Clerk a
written certificate of insurance showing that the policy or policies are in
effect and that they cannot be cancelled without thirty (30) days written notice
to the City Clerk. The policies shall have coverage limits of not less that one
million dollars ($1,000,000.00) for death or injury in any one occurrence, and
property damage coverage of not less than one hundred thousand dollars
($100,000.00). In addition, the owner shall also furnish the insurance coverage
required by ยง11-6001(b) herein.

(e) Issuance. 
Upon receipt of the completed application and fee, the Public Works Director or
his designee shall conduct any investigation deemed appropriate to determine
whether a permit should issue. In making the determination, the number of
services already operating in an area, the number of zones already in the area
requested, the hours of operation being proposed, and the probable effect of the
service of local traffic conditions.

(f) Authority of the City . 
The City reserves the right to determine and designate appropriate street
locations and times for the operation of valet parking services. Once the City
has determined and designated appropriate street locations and times for the
operating of valet services, the service shall be limited to parking or
unloading vehicles only at those street locations and times. No cars will be
parked in on street parking areas. The City reserves the right to add, modify or
eliminate street locations and times at any time in order to protect pedestrian
traffic and improve conditions for the flow of motor vehicular traffic.

(g) Suspension and revocation. 
Any permit issued hereunder may be suspended or revoked for any reason that
would justify a refusal to issue the permit originally or by reason of any
failure by the permitee to comply with the provisions of this code, or any
condition imposed by the Public Works Director or his designee upon issuance of
the permit. The permit may be suspended if the sidewalk or street area is needed
for parades, festivals or other such special events. Except for temporary
suspensions for special events as set out above, the permittee is entitled to
prompt notice of the City&#8217;s intent to suspend or revoke and is entitled to
a hearing before the Public Works Director or his designee. The permittee may
appeal the decision of the Public Works Director or his designee to the City
Council.

(h) Penalties. 
Violations of the permit requirements are a misdemeanor punishable by a fine of
up to five hundred dollars ($500.00) and by any civil remedy available under
North Carolina law, G.S. 160A-75. Violations are also grounds for the
revocations of the required business privilege license. 
(Ord. No. 2007-159, ยง1, 1-23-07)
