                                  CODE OF STATE

PICKETING PERMITTED; NOTICE OF INTENT AND RECEIPT REQUIRED. (§ 12-1056)

(a) No picketing shall be conducted on the public ways of this City and no
person shall participate in the same unless notice of intent to picket has been
given to the Chief of Police or his designated representative, and unless a
receipt of such notice has been issued.

(b) 

   (1) 	The name, if any, of the organization or group sponsoring or proposing to
   picket unless the group indicates that it intends to picket anonymously, in
   which case no name is required; 
   

   (2) 	The location or locations in the City where the pickets propose to
   assemble and demonstrate; 
   

   (3) 	The date or dates on which the picketing is to occur;
   

   (4) 	The name of the person and organization giving notice of intent to picket
   unless the person or organization indicates that it intends to picket
   anonymously, in which case no name is required; 
   

   (5) 	Whether or not persons below the age of eighteen (18) years are expected
   to participate; and
   

   (6) 	The person or persons to be in charge of the activity and who will
   accompany it and carry any receipt of notice at all times.
   

(c) It is unlawful for any person to engage in picketing before or about the
residence or dwelling of any individual.

(d) Upon the giving of notice of intent to picket, properly completed as
hereinabove set out, the designated officer shall immediately issue a receipt of
notice. The receipt shall contain all information stated in the notice. Notice
shall be given by the holder of a receipt of notice to the Chief of Police or
his designated representative immediately upon the cessation of such picketing
for a period of twenty-four (24) hours or more. Before resumption of picketing
interrupted for any such period, a new notice shall be given and a new receipt
issued. 
(Code 1959 , §15-35.1(a)—(c); Ord. No. 1990-504, §1, 3-7-90; Ord. No.
2006-977, §1, 3-7-06)
