                                  CODE OF STATE

REFUSAL TO ISSUE. (§ 12-2086)

(a) Whose state driver&#8217;s license has been revoked or suspended; provided,
however, in case of a state license revocation or suspension a taxicab
driver&#8217;s permit may be granted or renewed at the end of the revocation or
suspension period.

(b) Who has accumulated over eight (8) points against his driving record
(pending the discretion of the taxicab inspector&#8217;s review of the totality
of the applicant&#8217;s driving record).

(c) Who, within a period of five (5) years immediately prior to the date of his
application, has been convicted of a felony; unless the conviction is for a
felony drug offense in which case application may not be made for a period of
ten (10) years. Persons convicted of the felonies of homicide, manslaughter,
death by motor vehicle, hit and run, assault, sexual assault, robbery,
blackmail, extortion, kidnapping and arson are not eligible to receive permits
pursuant to this article.

(d) Who, within a period of five (5) years immediately prior to the date of his
application, has been convicted of any crime involving the driving of an
automobile resulting in death to any person.

(e) Who, within a period of five (5) years immediately prior to the date of his
application, has been convicted of driving a motor vehicle while intoxicated.

(f) Who, within a period of five (5) years immediately prior to the date of this
application, has been convicted of a violation of any City, County, state or
Federal law relating to the use, possession or sale of intoxicating liquors,
alcoholic beverages, beer or wine, narcotic or barbituric or other habit-forming
drugs.

(g) Who, within a period of five (5) years immediately prior to the date of his
application, shall have been convicted of a violation of any City, County, state
or Federal law relating to prostitution or lotteries.

(h) Who, within a period of five (5) years immediately prior to the date of his
application, has been a habitual user of intoxicating liquors, alcoholic
beverages, narcotic, barbituric or other habit-forming drugs.

(i) Who is a person of such bad character or reputation that it would be clearly
contrary to the public interest, safety and welfare to permit such applicant to
drive a taxicab. 
(Code 1959 , §22-48; Ord. No. 1999-691, §13, 11-16-99; Ord. No. 2009-671,
§§36—38, 11-3-09)
