                                  CODE OF STATE

DEFINITIONS. (ยง 12-2176)

(a) Apartment house: Any dwelling containing three (3) or more dwelling units.

(b) Apartment project: A systematically built group of apartment houses.

(c) Business affiliate: A person who directly or indirectly owns or controls, is
owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control with, the owner
of a probationary residential rental dwelling of any property. Solely for
purposes of this definition, the terms &#8220;owns,&#8221; &#8220;is
owned,&#8221; and &#8220;ownership&#8221; mean ownership of an equity interest,
or the equivalent thereof, of ten (10) per cent of [or] more.

(d) Dwelling: A dwelling unit used for residential purposes other than a
dwelling unit in a bed and breakfast inn; hotel or motel; guest house; rest
home; rooming house, boarding house, lodging house; or a tourist home.

(e) Dwelling unit: One (1) or more rooms physically arranged as to create an
independent housekeeping establishment with separate facilities for cooking,
sleeping, and toilet. A dwelling unit can be occupied by only one (1) family. A
dwelling unit can also contain a utility apartment or rented rooms in accordance
with ยง10-2072(b).

(f) Inspections Department: The Inspections Department of the City of Raleigh.

(g) Manager: Any person who has been hired and is paid by the owner to manage
any dwelling or dwelling unit which is rented or offered for rent as a
residential dwelling.

(h) 

   (1) 	Shall have title to any dwelling or dwelling unit, with or without
   accompanying actual possession thereof; or 
   

   (2) 	Shall have charge, care or control of any dwelling or dwelling unit, as
   owner or agent of the owner, or as executor, executrix, administrator,
   administratrix, trustee or guardian of the estate of the owner. Any such
   person thus representing the actual owner shall be bound to comply with the
   provisions of this article, and of rules and regulations adopted pursuant
   thereto, to the same extent as if the person were the owner. 
   

(i) Person: Associations, corporations, limited liability companies, company,
firm, partnerships, joint ventures, public or private institutions,
corporations, trusts, estates, utilities, cooperatives, commissions, boards,
condominiums, interstate bodies and bodies politic and corporate as well as to
individuals or other legal entities.

(j) Property: A parcel of land, either vacant or occupied by one or more
principal buildings, as identified by the Wake County Register of Deeds tax
records. 
(Ord. No. 2008-415B, ยง1, 7-1-08; Ord. No. 2011-980, ยง1, 11-15-11)
