                                  CODE OF STATE

ISSUANCE OF PERMIT. (§ 12-2122)

(a) The amplified entertainment permit shall be issued by the Chief Financial
Officer or his designee upon verification by the Inspections Department and the
Fire Department that all relevant code and safety to life requirements have been
met. The permit shall be applied for on a form supplied by the Chief Financial
Officer or his designee. The application shall contain the name of the Manager,
the name of the registered agent for service of process and such other
information as the Chief Financial Officer or his designee may deem relevant and
appropriate. Upon receipt of the application, the Chief Financial Officer or his
designee shall forward a copy of the same to the Inspection Department for
verification of the zoning and building code requirements necessary for the
issuance of a license. 
The Chief Financial Officer or his designee is directed to require the name of
the business owner as a part of the application for an Amplified Entertainment
Permit. Any change in the ownership of a business after the issuance of the
permit shall cause the permit to be immediately invalid and cause the new owner
to reapply for the permit. A change in ownership shall mean acquisition of more
than ten percent of the stock in a publicly traded corporation, any change in
the ownership of shares in a privately held corporation, sale of all or part of
a sole proprietorship, or any change in the membership of any form of limited
liability organization.

(b) The fee for an initial amplified entertainment permit shall be five hundred
dollars ($500.00). Each annual renewal shall be one hundred dollars ($100.00).

(c) 

   (1) 	The accuracy of the Chief Financial Officer or his designee&#8217;s
   factual determination;
   

   (2) 	The number and type of police calls within a three-block area within the
   past six (6) months and the relationship of the calls to the establishment
   holding the permit; 
   

   (3) 	The zoning classification of surrounding properties; 
   

   (4) 	The status of any previously issued permits.
   If, after a review of the foregoing factors, any adverse conditions exist on
   any one (1) of the factors, the appeal will not be allowed. 
   (Ord. No. 1999-539, §1, 4-6-99; Ord. No. 2009-642, §§1, 2, 9-1-09)
