                                  CODE OF STATE

APPLICATION. (§ 12-2052)

(a) 

   (1) 	The name and address of the applicant (owner or driver), and if the
   applicant (owner or driver) be a corporation, a certified copy of the articles
   of incorporation. 
   

   (2) 	The number of vehicles actually owned and the number of vehicles actually
   operated by such owner on the date of such application, if any; 
   

   (3) 	The number of vehicles to be operated under the owner&#8217;s permit
   applied for; 
   

   (4) 	The net worth of the applicant (owner) over and above all debts,
   judgments, claims and demands whatsoever; 
   

   (5) 	Whether there are any unpaid or unbonded judgments of record against such
   owner, and if so, the title of all actions and the amount of all judgments
   unpaid or unbonded, and reference to the judgment docket and page where the
   judgment is recorded; 
   

   (6) 	The make, type, year of manufacture, serial number, engine number and
   passenger capacity of each taxicab to be operated under the owner&#8217;s
   permit applied for; 
   

   (7) 	Whether there are any liens, mortgages, or other encumbrances on such
   taxicabs, and, if so, the amount and character thereof;
   

   (8) 	The experience of the applicant in the transportation of passengers for
   hire;
   

   (9) 	A consent to use the applicant&#8217;s name, race, sex, date of birth,
   social security number, and fingerprints for the purposes of conducting a
   State criminal history records check through the North Carolina Department of
   Justice and a national criminal history records check through the Federal
   Bureau of Investigation. 
   (10)	The Chief of Police, or his designee, shall submit the applicant&#8217;s
   fingerprints and indentifying information to the North Carolina Department of
   Justice for a State criminal records check and to the Federal Bureau of
   Investigation for a thorough national criminal records check. 
   

   (11. 	Criminal History Records Information obtained by the North Carolina
   Department of Justice or the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall be
   privileged information and shall be kept confidential and not disseminated
   outside the Raleigh Police Department. This information shall not be public
   record information as defined by Chapter 132 of the North Carolina General
   Statues; 
   

   (12. 	Authority to conduct Criminal History Records Check is referenced with
   North Carolina General Statute 160A-304.
   

   (13. 	Prior to the denial or termination of an owner&#8217;s permit based upon
   Criminal History Records Information the Raleigh Police Department shall
   verify the existence of a record by either obtaining a certified public record
   or by submitting a fingerprint card of the individual to the North Carolina
   Department of Justice for verification that the Criminal History Records
   Information belongs to the individual. 
   

   (14. 	Any of the following information obtained from Criminal History Records
   shall be deemed sufficient for refusing to issue a permit or for revoking a
   permit already issued: 
   

(i) Conviction of a felony against this State, or a conviction of any offense
against another State or the United States which would have been a felony if
committed in this State; 
(ii)	Violation of any federal or State law relating to the use, possession, or
sale of alcoholic beverages, or narcotics or barbiturate drugs; 
(iii)	Addiction to or habitual use of alcoholic beverages or narcotics or
barbiturate drugs;
(iv)	Violation of any federal or State law relating to prostitution;

(v) Habitual violation of traffic laws or ordinances. &#8220;Habitual
violation&#8221; shall mean a determination of guilt within the three-year
period immediately prior to application for a permit or initiation of action to
revoke a permit on more than three (3) infractions of traffic law or more than
two (2) general misdemeanors in violation of traffic laws.

(b) The applicant shall from time to time furnish to the Council such other
information as the Council, in its discretion, may require. 
(Code 1959 , §22-28; Ord. No. 1988-220, §2, 7-19-88; Ord. No. 2009-671,
§§24—26, 11-3-09; Ord. No. 2009-672, §1, 11-3-09)
