                                  CODE OF STATE

DEFINITIONS. (§ 12-2022)

(a) 

   (1) 	other than motor buses operating along regular routes and schedules, or
   between fixed termini
   

   (2) 	other than vehicles contracted by the Dept. of Education for student
   transportation.
   

(b) Premium taxi service. 
The words premium taxi service shall mean the type of taxi service which is used
by one person or party at a time, unless the original person or party does not
object to another person or persons riding in the taxicab, which is provided
along the shortest route between the occupant&#8217;s origin and destination,
and for which a taximeter is used to compute the fare.

(c) Shared taxi service. 
The words shared taxi service shall mean the type of taxi service which can be
used by more than one (1) person or party at a time, which is not necessarily
provided along the shortest route between an occupant&#8217;s origin and
destination but rather is provided in such a way so that the taxicab deviates
from the shortest route in order to pick up or deliver other passengers, and for
which a zone fare is charged.

(d) Limousine/Vehicle for Hire. 
Shall mean a for hire motor carrier, as defined by NCGS 20-4.01(11a), carrying
passengers within each vehicle&#8217;s legal capacity, not equipped with a
taximeter, with a driver who carries passengers for hire at rates of fare agreed
upon between the operating licensee, its agent or operator and the passengers.
This fare is not to exceed the rate agreed upon at the time of the franchise. No
limousine may engage in cruising or be operated by on call or demand.

(e) Owner. 
The word owner shall mean and include any person having control of the operation
or maintenance and collection of the revenue of taxicabs; person who holds the
legal title of a vehicle, or in the event a vehicle is subject to an agreement
for conditional sale or lease thereof, with the right of purchase upon
performance of the conditions stated in the agreement and with the immediate
right of possession vested in the original vendee or lessee, or, in the event a
mortgagor of a vehicle is entitled to possession, then such conditional vendee
or lessee or mortgagor shall be deemed the owner for the purpose of this
article.

(f) Driver. 
The word driver shall mean and include every person in charge of or operating a
taxicab.

(g) Permit. 
The word permit shall mean an owner&#8217;s permit and also a driver&#8217;s
permit as the context indicates.

(h) Owner&#8217;s permit. 
The words owner&#8217;s permit shall mean a permit granted to the operator of a
taxicab business.

(i) Shuttle. 
Shall mean any passenger vehicle for hire that provides shuttle transportation
to passengers to or from prescribed locations such as the airport, hotels,
motels, shopping centers, stadiums, coliseums or theaters, pursuant to a
contract or agreement, and that does not accept or discharge passengers
indiscriminately between prescribed locations. No shuttle vehicle shall engage
in cruising or be operated by on call or demand.

(j) Memorandum owner&#8217;s permit. 
The words memorandum owner&#8217;s permit shall mean the card issued by the
taxicab inspector to a taxicab owner and operator for display within a taxicab
indicating that an owner&#8217;s permit has been issued covering such taxicab
and the operation thereof.

(k) Rate card. 
The words rate card shall mean the card issued by the taxicab inspector to a
taxicab owner and operator for display within each taxicab for which an
owner&#8217;s permit has been issued containing the schedule of fares to be
charged by such taxicab.

(l) Premium taxi service trip. 
The words premium taxi service trip shall mean each stop and the taximeter shall
be cleared at the termination of each trip except in instances when the lessee
of a taxicab requests discharge of a passenger enroute to a final destination,
and in such event the final destination shall be the termination of the trip. In
every instance when the taxicab fare is paid to the taxicab driver, it shall be
the duty of the taxicab driver to clear the meter.

(m) Shared taxi service trip. 
The words shared taxi service trip shall mean the journey of a passenger from
his origin to his destination.

(n) Response time. 
The words response time shall mean the time elapsed between the time which a
prospective passenger specifies as the time he wishes to have a vehicle at his
trip origin, and the time when the vehicle arrives at that location.

(o) Accessible Raleigh Transportation (ART) Program. 
The words Accessible Raleigh Transportation (ART) Program or ART service shall
mean taxi service provided to persons certified by the City as disabled. Charges
for service under the ART program will be paid with a special currency or scrip
approved by the City which can be redeemed by the City at full face value.

(p) Handivan. 
The word handivan shall mean and include every public passenger vehicle with
less than sixteen (16) passenger capacity equipped to transport persons who are
confined to wheelchairs.

(q) Cruising. 
Shall mean driving on, over and along the streets or public places of the City
in search of, or soliciting, prospective passengers for hire. Listed below are
the specific vehicle types prohibited from &#8220;cruising&#8221;: 
Limousine/vehicle for hire
Shuttle 
(Code 1959 , §22-2; Ord. No. 1978-799, §1, 5-16-78; Ord. No. 1980-487,
§§1—3, 10-7-80; Ord. No. 1989-383, §8, 6-6-89; Ord. No. 1990-674, §1,
11-6-90; Ord. No. 2009-671, §§1—4, 11-3-09)
