                                  CODE OF STATE

PUBLIC NUISANCE ANIMALS. (§ 12-3021)

(a) Prohibited generally; exceptions. 
It shall be unlawful to own, keep, or harbor a public nuisance animal within the
City. Provided, however, it shall not be unlawful to own or keep a dog of
vicious tendencies for the protection of persons or property, if such dog is
securely confined in a manner not to expose it to the general public. This
exception for dogs of vicious tendencies does not extend to dogs which
excessively make disturbing noises.

(b) Complaint and notice. 
Upon receipt of a written detailed and signed complaint being made to the animal
control division of the Police Department by any resident or residents that any
person is maintaining a public nuisance as defined in §12-3004 of this chapter,
the Chief of Police shall cause the owner of the animal or animals in question
to be notified that a complaint has been received and shall cause the situation
complained of to be investigated and a report and findings thereon to be reduced
to writing by the investigating animal control officer.

(c) Abatement. 
If the written findings of the investigating officer indicate that the complaint
is justified, then the Chief of Police shall cause the owner or keeper of the
animal or animals in question to be so notified in writing, by registered mail,
return receipt requested, ordered to abate such nuisance within seven (7) days
after notification, and issued a citation for the violation. In the event the
owner of the animal or animals is unknown and cannot be ascertained, the notice
and order, along with a general description of the animal or animals shall be
published within a local newspaper.

(d) Impoundment upon failure to abate. 
If any person receiving notice in the manner hereinabove described shall fail or
refuse to abate the nuisance upon order of the Chief of Police within the
specified time, the Police Chief may cause the animal or animals in question to
be apprehended and impounded in accordance with the provisions of Article E of
this chapter.

(e) Right of appeal. 
Within the seven-day period mentioned in subsection (c) above, the owner of the
nuisance animal may appeal the findings of the Chief of Police to the City
Manager by giving written notice of appeal to the Chief of Police, the appeal to
stay the abatement of the nuisance until a final determination by the City
Council.

(f) Redemption; destruction. 
If the owner shall so request, the animal or animals may be redeemed pursuant to
the provisions of §12-3064 and upon the further condition that the owner
execute a written agreement to comply with the abatement order. If no redemption
and execution is made by the owner within the time specified under §12-3063,
then the animal shall be disposed of in accordance with the provisions of
§12-3065 hereunder. 
(Code 1959 , §4-13; Ord. No. 1984-307, §4, 3-20-84)
