                                  CODE OF STATE

PRIMARY AND SECONDARY FIRE DISTRICTS. (ยง 5-2035)

(a) The Primary Fire District. 
The primary fire district of the City is described as follows: 
Beginning at a point in the center of South Dawson Street and West Morgan
Street; thence east to the center of the intersection of West Morgan Street and
South McDowell Street; thence south to the intersection of South McDowell Street
and West Hargett Street; thence west along the center of West Hargett Street, to
the point and place of beginning.

(b) 

   (1) 	The secondary fire district of the City is described as follows: 
   Beginning at a point in the center of the intersection of South Blount Street
   and East Morgan Street; thence south to the intersection of South Blount
   Street and East Cabarrus Street; thence west to the center of the intersection
   of East Cabarrus Street and South Wilmington Street; thence south to the
   center of the intersection of South Wilmington Street and East South Street;
   thence west to the center of South Dawson Street and the east right-of-way of
   the southern railroad; thence northwest along the east right-of-way of the
   southern railroad to the center of South Dawson Street; thence north to the
   center of the intersection of South Dawson Street and West Hargett Street;
   thence west to the center of the intersection of West Hargett Street and South
   Harrington Street; thence north to the center of the intersection of
   Hillsborough Street and South Harrington Street; thence east along the center
   of Hillsborough Street to the intersection of Hillsborough Street and North
   Salisbury Street, thence east to the point and place of beginning, excluding
   that area described as the Primary Fire District in ยง5-2035. 
   

   (2) 	Within the secondary fire district new wood frame structures shall be
   permitted to be constructed or enlarged when complying with all the following:
   
   a.	Constructed in compliance with the N.C. Building Code, and
   b.	Building shall be fully sprinkled in compliance with standards set forth in
   the North Carolina Building Code, and 
   c.	That exterior cladding and exterior components (stairs, balconies excluding
   trim) when intended shall be constructed of non-combustible materials. 
   

   (3) 	Within the secondary fire district all structures existing on the date of
   the adoption of Ordinance No. 2003-477 (July 15, 2003), may be repaired or
   altered, provided that when any proposed repair or alteration exceeds
   twenty-five (25) percent of the value of the structure, as determined by the
   Inspections Director, or when the occupancy use of the building is changed to
   a higher hazard group, the building shall be required to have either of the
   following: 
   a.	A fire alarm system, or
   b.	A fully sprinkled building, or
   c.	All structural components provide a one-hour fire protected construction.
   Exception: Type IV (Heavy Timber) construction, parking structures and those
   surrounded on all sides by a minimum of thirty (30) feet. 
   (Ord. No. 2011-873-TC-344, ยง1, TC-6-11, 5-3-11) 
   State law reference: G.S. 160A-435 through 437.
