                                  CODE OF STATE

FLAMMABLE LIQUIDS STORAGE; RESTRICTIONS ON LOCATION. (ยง 5-2037)

(a) Storage of Flammable Liquids in Outside, Aboveground Tanks. 
The limits on location referenced in the Fire Prevention Code, in which storage
of flammable liquids in outside, aboveground tanks is prohibited, are
established as follows: all residential zoning districts of the City and the
primary and secondary fire districts as described in ยง5-2035.

(b) New Bulk Plants for Flammable Liquids. 
The limits on location referred to in the Fire Prevention Code, in which new
bulk plants for flammable liquids are prohibited, are hereby established as
follows: all areas zoned for any use other than industrial.

(c) Bulk Storage of Liquid Petroleum Gas. 
The limits on location referred to in the Fire Prevention Code, in which bulk
storage of liquid petroleum gas is restricted are hereby established as follows:
all areas of the City zoned for any use other than industrial.

(d) Self-service Stations. 
Following the issuance of a permit, unattended self-service stations shall be
permitted solely for the dispensing of motor vehicle fuels into commercial or
fleet vehicles. The dispensing of motor vehicle fuels shall comply with all of
the provisions of North Carolina State Building Code, Fire Prevention Code and
National Fire Protection Association Standard 30A for unattended self-service
station vendors. Prior to commencing operations, the self-service station vendor
shall make application at the Office of the Fire Marshal and shall obtain a
permit to operate an unattended self-service station. So long as the conditions
and limitations of the permit and the Fire Prevention Code are observed, such
permit shall be valid for a time period of twelve (12) months, and it shall be
renewable on a recurring basis. Failure by the self-service station vendor or
operator to comply with the provisions of this section shall be cause for
revocation of the permit. 
(Ord. No. 2011-873-TC-344, ยง1, TC-6-11, 5-3-11) 
Cross reference: Location of gasoline and fuel pumps from street rights-of-way,
ยง10-6036
