                                  CODE OF STATE

CLASSIFICATION OF STREETS. (§ 6-2012)

(a) 

   (1) 	Major thoroughfares. 
   Major thoroughfares are roadways with considerable City-wide continuity. These
   roadways are designed to accommodate large volumes of traffic from one area of
   the City to another. 
   

   (2) 	Minor thoroughfares. 
   Minor thoroughfares are roadways leading to or connecting to arterials and
   major thoroughfares. These roadways are designed to accommodate large volumes
   of traffic, but not of major thoroughfare importance. 
   

   (3) 	Collector streets. 
   Streets which collect traffic from three hundred and fifty-one (351) or more
   dwelling units, schools, libraries, art galleries or other residential
   institutions with similar vehicle trip generation and peak loading
   characteristics. Collector streets have continuity of more than one-half (½)
   mile in length, or they provide a connection either between thoroughfare
   system roads or between major traffic generators which would encourage through
   traffic on any street not classified as a thoroughfare system roadway. Other
   streets can be regarded as a collector street if the roadway is so illustrated
   on the City&#8217;s Comprehensive Plan. 
   

   (4) 	Commercial streets. 
   A street, the predominant use of which is to provide access for abutting
   commercial, industrial or other nonresidential properties. 
   In lieu of the above definitions, principal thoroughfares may also consist of
   collector streets as they appear on the &#8220;Thoroughfare Plan, Raleigh,
   Cary, Garner.&#8221; A copy of this map is on file in the office of the City
   Clerk and Treasurer. 
   

(b) 

   (1) 	Residential collector streets. 
   Streets which collect traffic from more than one hundred and fifty (150)
   dwelling units, but less than three hundred and fifty-one (351) dwelling units
   or from day care facilities of more than seventy (70) enrollees; or streets
   which collect traffic from schools, museums, libraries, art galleries, or
   other residential institutions that generate traffic volumes or peak loading
   characteristics equivalent to less than three hundred and fifty-one (351)
   dwelling units. Residential collector streets have continuity of more than
   one-half (½) mile in length, or they provide connection between either
   thoroughfare system roadways or major traffic generators which would encourage
   through traffic on any street not classified as a thoroughfare system roadway.
   
   

   (2) 	Residential streets. 
   Streets that collect traffic from no more than one hundred and fifty (150)
   dwelling units or from day care facilities with no more than seventy (70)
   enrollees; or streets which collect traffic from schools, museums, libraries,
   art galleries or other residential institutions that generate traffic volumes
   or peak loading characteristics equivalent to one hundred and fifty (150)
   dwelling units. Residential streets are not more than one-half (½) mile in
   length; nor do they provide a collection between thoroughfare system roadways,
   nor do they provide a connection between major traffic generators which would
   encourage through traffic movements. 
   

   (3) 	Minor residential streets. 
   Streets that collect traffic from no more than forty (40) dwelling units.
   Minor residential streets have continuity of less than one-half (½) mile in
   length, and they do not provide a connection either between thoroughfare
   system roadways or between major traffic generators which would encourage
   through traffic on any street not classified as a thoroughfare system roadway.
   
   (Ord. No. 1982-971-TC-168, §2, 9-7-82; Ord. No. 1982-5, §1, 10-19-82; Ord.
   No. 1987-69, §§2, 3, 10-20-87; Ord. No. 1995-760-TC-122, §§3, 4,
   TC-20C-95, 11-21-95)
