                                  CODE OF STATE

EASTABLISHMENT, COMPOSITON, DUTIES AND PROCEDURES. (ยง 6-6011)

(a) Establishment and Composition: 
The Raleigh Stormwater Management Advisory Commission shall be composed of ten
(10) members who shall reside within the City limits. The membership of the
Commission shall be appointed by the Council. Each member shall be appointed for
a period of two (2) years except that the Council in appointing the original
membership of the Commission may prescribe terms of fewer years to the end that
the terms of the various members of Stormwater Management Advisory Commission
shall be staggered.

(b) 

   (1) 	The Commission shall review and recommend to the Council stormwater
   management policies, policy changes, long range plans and their budgetary and
   rate impacts. 
   

   (2) 	The Commission shall review and comment to the Council on the annual
   stormwater management capital improvements program. 
   

   (3) 	The Commission shall respond to the City Council and city staff requests
   for advice on matters related to stormwater services and the stormwater
   management utility. 
   

   (4) 	The Commission shall present the Council with an annual report of key
   actions and issues and its annual work program. 
   

(c) Procedure: 
The Stormwater Management Advisory Commission is directed to adopt rules of
procedure necessary to the conduct of its affairs and in keeping with the
provision of this Code, all policies of the City Council, and applicable State
laws. Such rules of procedure, and any modifications to same, shall be submitted
to the City Council for review and approval. Except as provided in this Code,
the rules of procedure adopted by the Commission shall at least provide for:
selection of the officers of the Commission; the time and place of its regular
meetings, which shall at least be held bi-annually, and the calling of special
meetings; the procedures of the conduct of public hearings and voting. The
Commission shall elect from its membership at least a chairperson and vice
chairperson, who shall serve for terms of one (1) year, who shall be eligible
for reelection, and who shall have the right to vote. The chairperson shall
preside over the Stormwater Management Advisory Commission. In the absence or
disability of the chairperson, the vice-chairperson shall perform the duties of
the chairperson. All meetings of the Stormwater Management Advisory Commission
shall be open to the public, in accordance with the North Carolina Open Meetings
Law, G.S. 143-318.10 et seq., and a public record shall be kept of the
Commission&#8217;s resolutions, proceedings, and actions. The rules of procedure
and minutes of the Commission are maintained as separate documents in the nature
of a public record at the City Clerk&#8217;s Office. The Central Engineering
Department shall provide such technical, administrative, and clerical assistance
as required by the Commission. 
(Ord. No. 2003-537, ยง2, 11-5-03)
