                                  CODE OF STATE

ASSESSMENTS; CORNER LOT PROVISIONS. (ยง 8-2034)

(a) If water or sewer service mains or both are installed simultaneously on both
streets on which the lot abuts, assessment of the cost of the installations
shall be based upon the entire frontage on one street (short side) plus the
frontage on the other street (long side) in excess of one hundred fifty (150)
feet.

(b) If the lot is already served by adequate (eight-inch sewer, six-inch water)
or larger size water or sewer mains in a street on which the lot abuts and a
water or sewer main providing a duplicating service is installed in the other
abutting street, the cost of the new installation shall be assessed against the
lot to the extent that the lot abutting the street in which the new main is
installed exceeds one hundred fifty (150) feet.

(c) If water or sewer service is installed in a street abutting a corner lot,
and the lot is not served by adequate (eight-inch sewer or six-inch water) or
larger size water or sewer mains in the other abutting street, and the method of
assessment used is the street frontage method, the cost of the installation
shall be assessed against the side of the lot abutting the installation. A
credit will be provided for the distance, if any, that the side of the lot
abutting the street in which no improvement is made is less than one hundred
fifty (150) feet.

(d) If the lot is already served by adequate (eight-inch sewer or six-inch
water) or larger size water or sewer mains in two (2) or more streets on which
the lot abuts and a water or sewer main providing a duplicating service is
installed in other abutting streets, the cost of the new installation shall not
be assessed against the lot if that lot cannot be subdivided in any manner which
would benefit from the installation.

(e) A property parcel which is residentially zoned, developed with an existing
single-family residence at the time of project direction by City Council, and is
adequately served by an existing six-inch water main and/or an eight-inch sewer
main of the City of Raleigh is hereby exempted from any duplicating water and/or
sewer assessment by the City of Raleigh. 
(Code 1959 , ยง23-9(2); Ord. No. 1980-328, 3-4-80; Ord. No. 1985-543, ยง16,
4-16-85; Ord. No. 1999-683, ยง1, 11-16-99)
