                                  CODE OF STATE

PURPOSE AND POLICY. (ยง 8-2111)

(a) This article sets forth uniform requirements for direct and indirect
contributors into the waste water collection and treatment system for the City
of Raleigh, hereafter referred to as the City, and enables the City to comply
with all applicable state and Federal laws, Federal regulations and state rules
including 15A NCAC 02H Part .0900, the Clean Water Act (33 United States Code
Section 1251 et seq.) and the General Pretreatment Regulations (40 CFR, Part
403).

(b) 

   (1) 	To prevent the introduction of pollutants into the municipal waste water
   system which will interfere with the operation of the system or contaminate
   the resulting sludge; 
   

   (2) 	To prevent the introduction of pollutants into the municipal waste water
   system which will pass through the system, inadequately treated, into any
   waters of the State or otherwise be incompatible with the system; 
   

   (3) 	To promote reuse and recycling of industrial waste water and sludges from
   the municipal system; 
   

   (4) 	To protect both municipal personnel who may be affected by sewage,
   sludge, and effluent in the course of their employment as well as protecting
   the general public; 
   

   (5) 	To provide for equitable distribution of the cost of operation,
   maintenance and improvement of the municipal waste water system; and 
   

   (6) 	To ensure that the municipality complies with its NPDES or Non-discharge
   Permit conditions, sludge use and disposal requirements, and any other Federal
   or state laws to which the municipal waste water system is subject. 
   

(c) This article provides for the regulation of direct and indirect contributors
to the municipal waste water system, through the issuance of permits to certain
non-domestic users and through enforcement of general requirements for the other
users, authorizes monitoring and enforcement activities, requires user
reporting, and provides for the setting of fees for the equitable distribution
of costs resulting from the program established herein.

(d) This article shall apply to all users of the municipal waste water system.
[Note: as authorized by G.S. 160A-312 and/or G.S. 153A-275.] Except as otherwise
provided herein, the POTW Director shall administer, implement, and enforce the
provisions of this article. Any powers granted to or imposed upon the POTW
Director may be delegated by the POTW Director to other City personnel. By
discharging waste water into the municipal waste water system, industrial users
located within or outside the City limits agree to comply with the terms and
conditions established in this article, as well as any permits, enforcement
actions, or orders issued hereunder. 
(Ord. No. 2011-981, ยง1, 12-6-11)
