                                  CODE OF STATE

BASELINE MONITORING REPORTS. (§ 8-2128)

(a) Within either one hundred eighty (180) days after the effective date of a
categorical pretreatment standard, or the final administrative decision on a
category determination under 40 CFR 403.6(a)(4), whichever is later, existing
categorical users currently discharging to or scheduled to discharge to the POTW
shall submit to the POTW Director a report which contains the information listed
in subsection (b) below. At least ninety (90) days prior to commencement of
their discharge, new sources, and sources that become categorical users
subsequent to the promulgation of an applicable categorical standard, shall
submit to the POTW Director a report which contains the information listed in
subsection (b) below. A new source shall report the method of pretreatment it
intends to use to meet applicable categorical standards. A new source also shall
give estimates of its anticipated flow and quantity of pollutants to be
discharged.

(b) 

   (1) 	Identifying information. 
   The name and address of the facility, including the name of the operator and
   owner. 
   

   (2) 	Environmental permits. 
   A list of any environmental control permits held by or for the facility. 
   

   (3) 	Description of operations. 
   A brief description of the nature, average rate of production, and standard
   industrial classifications of the operation(s) carried out by such user. This
   description should include a schematic process diagram which indicates points
   of discharge to the POTW from the regulated processes. 
   

   (4) 	Flow measurement. 
   Information showing the measured average daily and maximum daily flow, in
   gallons per day, to the POTW from regulated process streams and other streams,
   as necessary, to allow use of the combined waste stream formula set out in 40
   CFR 403.6(e). 
   

   (5) 	Measurement of pollutants. 
   a.	The categorical pretreatment standards applicable to each regulated
   process. 
   b.	The results of sampling and analysis identifying the nature and
   concentration, and/or mass, where required by the standard or by the POTW
   Director, of regulated pollutants in the discharge from each regulated
   process. Instantaneous, daily maximum, and long-term average concentrations,
   or mass, where required, shall be reported. The sample shall be representative
   of daily operations and shall be analyzed in accordance with procedures set
   out in §8-2137 of this article. 
   c.	Sampling must be performed in accordance with procedures set out in
   §8-2138 of this article and 40 CFR 403.12(b) and (g), including 40 CFR
   403.12(g)(4). 
   

   (6) 	Certification. 
   A statement, reviewed by the user&#8217;s current authorized representative as
   defined in 8-2112 of this article and certified by a qualified professional,
   indicating whether pretreatment standards are being met on a consistent basis,
   and, if not, whether additional operation and maintenance (O &#038; M) and/or
   additional pretreatment is required to meet the pretreatment standards and
   requirements. 
   

   (7) 	Compliance schedule. 
   If additional pretreatment and/or O &#038; M will be required to meet the
   pretreatment standards, the shortest schedule by which the user will provide
   such additional pretreatment and/or O &#038; M. The completion date in this
   schedule shall not be later than the compliance date established for the
   applicable pretreatment standard. A compliance schedule pursuant to this
   section must meet the requirements set out in §8-2129 of this article. 
   

   (8) 	Signature and certification. 
   All baseline monitoring reports must be signed and certified in accordance
   with §8-2127(3) of this article. 
   (Ord. No. 2011-981, §1, 12-6-11)
