                                  CODE OF STATE

LANDSCAPE WATER EFFICIENCY. (ยง 8-2169)

Upon application of this Article[*], all new permanent in-ground irrigation
systems shall be individually metered. The irrigation systems shall be
installed, maintained and operated according to the following design
specifications. These systems must include: (1) A smart controller, which will
consist of: (a) an approved programmable timer that must reflect mandatory
watering restrictions to include days and times, and register run-times as low
as one-minute increments, and (b) two (2) weather-based controllers, which will
act as shut-off devices to assist in optimal watering conditions which will
reflect current climate conditions; one (1) sensor will be a rain sensor, for
automatic shut-off during rain events, and the second sensor will monitor one of
the other weather characteristics such as temperature soil conditions and/or
evapotranspiration, and listed on the IA&#8217;s website as a common sensor
type. 
These sensors will be installed as add-on devices serving to override the
programmable timer&#8217;s run-times in the event that irrigation is unnecessary
or unlawful. 
Each irrigation system must be installed by a licensed irrigation contractor.
Following the installation of a new system, the licensed irrigation contractor
will conduct a field performance irrigation audit following the Best Management
Practices (BMPs) set forth within the Irrigation Association&#8217;s (IA)
Irrigation Audit Guidelines. The audit shall be scheduled within one (1) month
following completion of the installation, and the overall system must maintain a
distribution uniformity (DU) of no less than fifty (50) per cent. The licensed
irrigation contractor will then submit the audit results to the City for
approval, in the format provided by the Irrigation Association, within two (2)
weeks of the initial irrigation audit&#8217;s completion. Systems which fail to
meet the standards of the audit will have a period of two (2) weeks from the
date of the failing audit to correct the problem or result in having their
irrigation service interrupted. 
The irrigation system shall be regularly maintained to preserve the integrity of
the design and to sustain efficient operation. All controllers and sensors shall
be installed according to manufacturer&#8217;s instructions in a location that
will provide full exposure to rainfall such that accuracy of operation is
assured and shall be maintained in good working condition. No person shall, with
the intent of circumventing the purpose of this section, adjust any components
of said irrigation system so that the sensors are not able to override and turn
off the irrigation system when unnecessary or unlawful. All automatic in-ground
irrigation systems shall comply with the mandatory water conservation
requirements of ยง8-2175(c). 
(Ord. No. 2007-235, ยง1, 5-15-07; Ord. No. 2010-704, ยง3, 2-16-10, eff. 7-1-10) 
Editor&#8217;s note: This regulation first became applicable to permanent
in-ground irrigation systems installed on or after July 1, 2010.
