                                  CODE OF STATE

PRETREATMENT OF WASTE WATER. (ยง 8-2119)

(a) Pretreatment facilities. 
Users shall provide waste water pretreatment as necessary to comply with this
article and waste water permits issued under ยง8-2127 of this article and shall
achieve compliance with all national categorical pretreatment standards, local
limits, and the prohibitions set out in ยง8-2113 of this article within the time
limitations as specified by the EPA, the State, or the POTW Director, whichever
is more stringent. Any facilities necessary for compliance shall be provided,
operated, and maintained at the user&#8217;s expense. Detailed plans showing the
pretreatment facilities and operating procedures shall be submitted to the City
for review, and shall be approved by the POTW Director before construction of
the facility. The review of such plans and operating procedures shall in no way
relieve the user from the responsibility of modifying the facility as necessary
to produce an effluent acceptable to the City under the provisions of this
article. Any subsequent changes in the pretreatment facilities or method of
operation shall be reported to and be approved by the POTW Director prior to the
user&#8217;s initiation of the changes.

(b) 

   (1) 	Whenever deemed necessary, the POTW Director may require users to
   restrict their discharge during peak flow periods, designate that certain
   waste water be discharged only into specific sewers, relocate and/or
   consolidate points of discharge, separate sewage waste streams from industrial
   waste streams, and such other conditions as may be necessary to protect the
   POTW and determine the user&#8217;s compliance with the requirements of this
   article. 
   

   (2) 	The POTW Director may require any person discharging into the POTW to
   install and maintain, on their property and at their expense, a suitable
   storage and flow control facility to ensure equalization of flow. A waste
   water discharge permit may be issued solely for flow equalization. 
   

   (3) 	All food preparation or serving facilities and all vehicle maintenance
   facilities connected to the City&#8217;s sanitary sewer system shall install,
   maintain, and keep in continuous operation a grease trap interceptor. The
   interceptor shall be sized in accordance with standards established by the
   Public Utilities Department. Food preparation or serving facilities and
   vehicle maintenance facilities shall maintain a written record of maintenance
   performed on the interceptor for a minimum of three (3) years and shall
   immediately produce that record upon the City&#8217;s request. 
   

   (4) 	Users with the potential to discharge flammable substances may be
   required to install and maintain an approved combustible gas detection meter. 
   (Ord. No. 2011-981, ยง1, 12-6-11)
