                                  CODE OF STATE

SURCHARGES. (ยง 8-2124)

(a) 

   (1) 	BOD greater than three hundred (300) mg/l and/or sixty-three (63) pounds.
   
   

   (2) 	COD greater than five hundred (500) mg/l and/or one hundred four (104)
   pounds.
   

   (3) 	TSS greater than two hundred fifty (250) mg/l and/or fifty-two (52)
   pounds.
   

   (4) 	TN greater than thirty (30) mg/l and/or six (6) pounds.
   

   (5) 	TP greater than five (5) mg/l and/or one (1) pound.
   

   (6) 	F.O.G. greater than three hundred (300) mg/l and/or sixty-three (63)
   pounds.
   

(b) 

   (1) 	The volume of flow used in determining the total discharge of waste water
   for payment of user charges and surcharges shall be based on the following; 
   a.	Metered water consumption as shown in the records of meter readings
   maintained by the City; or 
   b.	If required by the City or at the individual discharger&#8217;s option,
   other flow monitoring devices which measure the actual volume of waste water
   discharged to the sewer. Such devices shall be accessible and safely located,
   and the measuring system shall be installed in accordance with plans approved
   by the City. The metering system shall be installed and maintained at the
   user&#8217;s expense according to arrangements that may be made with the City.
   
   c.	Where any user procures all or part of his water supply from sources other
   than the City, the user shall install and maintain at his own expense a flow
   measuring device of a type approved by the City. 
   

   (2) 	The character and concentration of the constituents of the waste water
   used in determining surcharges shall be determined by samples collected and
   analyzed by the City and/or industrial user. Samples shall be collected in
   such a manner as to be representative of the actual discharge and shall be
   analyzed using procedures set forth in ยง8-2137 of this article. 
   

   (3) 	The determination of the character and concentration of the constituents
   of the waste water discharge by the POTW Director or his duly appointed
   representatives shall be binding as a basis for charges. 
   (Ord. No. 2011-981, ยง1, 12-6-11)
