                                  CODE OF STATE

WASTE WATER PERMITS. (ยง 8-2127)

(i) limits on the average and/or maximum rate of discharge, and/or requirements
for flow regulation and equalization; 
(ii)	limits on the instantaneous, daily and/or monthly average and/or maximum
concentration, mass, or other measure of identified waste water pollutants or
properties; 
(iii)	requirements for the installation of pretreatment technology or
construction of appropriate containment devices, etc., designed to reduce,
eliminate, or prevent the introduction of pollutants into the treatment works; 
(iv)	development and implementation of waste minimization plans to reduce the
amount of pollutants discharged to the municipal waste water system;

(v) the unit charge or schedule of user charges and fees for the management of
the waste water discharged to the system; 
(vi)	requirements for installation and maintenance of inspection and sampling
facilities and equipment;
(vii)	specifications for monitoring programs which may include sampling
locations, frequency of sampling, number, types, and standards for tests, and
reporting schedules; 
(viii)	requirements for immediate reporting of any instance of noncompliance and
for automatic resampling and reporting within thirty (30) days where
self-monitoring indicates a violation(s); 
(ix)	compliance schedules for meeting pretreatment standards and requirements;

(x) 

   (11. 	Permits duration. 
   Permits shall be issued for a specified time period, not to exceed five (5)
   years. A permit may be issued for a period less than a year or may be stated
   to expire on a specific date. 
   

   (12. 	Permit transfer. 
   Waste water permits are issued to a specific user for a specific operation. A
   waste water discharge permit shall not be reassigned or transferred or sold to
   a new owner, new user, different premises, or a new or changed operation. 
   

   (13. 	Permit reissuance. 
   A significant industrial user shall apply for permit reissuance by submitting
   a complete permit application in accordance with ยง8-2127 a minimum of one
   hundred eighty (180) days prior to the expiration of the existing permit. 
   (Ord. No. 2011-981, ยง1, 12-6-11)  
   DIVISION 5. &#8211; REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
