                                  CODE OF STATE

PROHIBITED DISCHARGE STANDARDS. (§ 8-2113)

(a) General prohibitions. 
No person, user or consumer shall contribute or cause to be contributed into the
POTW, directly or indirectly, any pollutant or waste water which causes
interference or pass through. These general prohibitions apply to all users or
consumers of a POTW whether or not the user or consumer is a significant
industrial user or subject to any national, state, or local pretreatment
standards or requirements.

(b) 

   (1) 	Pollutants which create a fire or explosive hazard in the POTW,
   including, but not limited to, waste streams with a closed cup flashpoint of
   less than one hundred forty (140) degrees Fahrenheit (sixty (60) degrees
   Celsius) using the test methods specified in 40 CFR 261.21. 
   

   (2) 	Solid or viscous substances in amounts which will cause obstruction of
   the flow in the POTW resulting in interference [but in no case solids greater
   than one-quarter (¼) inch in any dimension]. 
   

   (3) 	Petroleum oil, non-biodegradable cutting oil, or products of mineral oil
   origin, in amounts that will cause interference or pass through; but in no
   case, concentrations greater than one hundred (100) mg/l. 
   

   (4) 	Any waste water having a pH less than 5.0 or more than 12.0 or waste
   water having any other corrosive property capable of causing damage to the
   POTW or equipment. Any pH above 12.5 is considered hazardous under 40 CFR
   261.22. 
   

   (5) 	Any waste water containing pollutants, including oxygen-demanding
   pollutants, in sufficient quantity (flow and/or concentration), either singly
   or by interaction with other pollutants, to cause interference with the POTW.
   
   

   (6) 	Any waste water having a temperature greater than one hundred fifty (150)
   degrees Fahrenheit (sixty-six (66) degrees Celsius), or which will inhibit
   biological activity in the POTW treatment plant resulting in interference, but
   in no case waste water which causes the temperature at the introduction into
   the treatment plant to exceed one hundred four (104) degrees Fahrenheit (forty
   (40) degrees Celsius). 
   

   (7) 	Any pollutants which result in the presence of toxic gases, vapors or
   fumes within the POTW in a quantity that may cause acute worker health and
   safety problems. 
   

   (8) 	Any trucked or hauled pollutants, except at discharge points designated
   by the POTW Director in accordance with §8-2121 of this article. 
   

   (9) 	Any noxious or malodorous liquids, gases, or solids or other waste water
   which, either singly or by interaction with other wastes, are sufficient to
   create a public nuisance or hazard to life or are sufficient to prevent entry
   into the sewers for maintenance and repair. 
   (10)	Any substance which may cause the POTW&#8217;s effluent or any other
   product of the POTW such as residues, sludges, or scums, to be unsuitable for
   reclamation and reuse or to interfere with the reclamation process. In no case
   shall a substance discharged to the POTW cause the POTW to be in noncompliance
   with sludge use or disposal regulations or permits issued under Section 405 of
   the Act; the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the Clean Air Act, the Toxic Substances
   Control Act, or state criteria applicable to the sludge management method
   being used. 
   

   (11. 	Any waste water which imparts color which cannot be removed by the
   pretreatment process, including, but not limited to, dye wastes and vegetable
   tanning solutions, which consequently imparts sufficient color to the
   treatment plant&#8217;s effluent to render the waters injurious to public
   health or secondary recreation or to aquatic life and wildlife or to adversely
   affect the palatability of fish or aesthetic quality or impair the receiving
   waters for any designated uses. 
   

   (12. 	Any waste water containing any radioactive wastes or isotopes except as
   specifically approved by the POTW Director in compliance with applicable state
   or Federal regulations. 
   

   (13. 	Stormwater, surface water, ground water, artesian well water, roof
   runoff, subsurface drainage, swimming pool drainage, condensate, deionized
   water, noncontact cooling water and unpolluted industrial waste water, unless
   specifically authorized by the POTW Director. 
   

   (14. 	Fats, oils, or greases of animal or vegetable origin in concentrations
   greater than one hundred (100) mg/l, unless specifically authorized by the
   POTW Director. 
   

   (15. 	Any sludges, screenings or other residues from the pretreatment of
   industrial wastes, unless specifically authorized by the POTW Director. 
   

   (16. 	Any medical wastes, except as specifically authorized in the medical
   facility&#8217;s Policy for Disposal of Medical Wastes after it has been
   approved by the POTW Director as an attachment to and as part of the medical
   facility&#8217;s waste water discharge permit. 
   

   (17. 	Any material containing ammonia, ammonia salts, or other chelating
   agents which will produce metallic complexes that interfere with the municipal
   waste water system. 
   

   (18. 	Any material that would be identified as hazardous waste according to 40
   CFR Part 261 if not disposed of in a sewer except as may be specifically
   authorized by the POTW Director. 
   

   (19. 	Any waste water causing the treatment plant effluent to violate state
   water quality standards for toxic substances as described in 15A NCAC 2B
   .0200. 
   (20)	Waste water causing, alone or in conjunction with other sources, the
   treatment plant&#8217;s effluent to fail a toxicity test. 
   

   (21. 	Recognizable portions of the human or animal anatomy.
   

   (22. 	Any wastes containing detergents, surface active agents, or other
   substances which may cause excessive foaming in the municipal waste water
   system. 
   

   (23. 	At no time shall two (2) successive readings on an explosion hazard
   meter, at the point of discharge into the system (or at any point in the
   system) be more than five (5) per cent nor any single reading over ten (10)
   per cent of the lower explosive limit (LEL) of the meter. 
   

   (24. 	Any type of paper product, other than toilet paper.
   

   (25. 	Any type of cloth, including diapers and wash cloths.
   

   (26. 	Any type of disposable diaper.
   

   (27. 	Any type of tobacco product, including cigarettes, cigars, chewing
   tobacco, and snuff.
   

   (28. 	Any type of condom.
   

   (29. 	Any type of personal hygiene product, including tampons, sanitary
   napkins, and towelettes.
   (30)	Wood, debris, or wood product, including trees, limbs, roots, leaves,
   yard waste, grass clippings, or lumber.
   

   (31. 	Construction material, debris, or tools, including rocks, gravel,
   cement, concrete, masonry bricks or block, shovels, and hand tools. 
   

   (32. 	Adhesives, glue, dye, or stones used in the manufacture of products.
   

   (33. 	Product containers, including boxes, bottles, cans, or buckets.
   

   (34. 	Appliances or parts of appliances.
   

   (35. 	Vehicles or parts of vehicles.
   

   (36. 	Rope, string, twine, thread, or similar materials.
   

   (37. 	Material made of fabric, including carpet, blankets, sheets, sleeping
   bags.
   

   (38. 	Trash bags, whether paper or plastic.
   

   (39. 	All other solids or liquids, other than wastes from the human body, that
   may accumulate in sewer pipes and cause or contribute to blockages. 
   

(c) Processing and storage of prohibited pollutants, substances, etc. 
Pollutants, substances, waste water, or other wastes prohibited by this section
shall not be processed or stored in such a manner that they could be discharged
to the municipal waste water system. All floor drains located in process or
materials storage areas must discharge to the industrial user&#8217;s
pretreatment facility before connecting with the system.

(d) 

   (1) 	Advise the user(s) or consumer(s) of the potential impact of the
   contribution on the POTW in accordance with §8-2140.4 of this article; and 
   

   (2) 	Take appropriate actions in accordance with Division 4 of this article
   for such user or consumer to protect the POTW from interference or pass
   through. 
   (Ord. No. 2011-981, §1, 12-6-11)
