                                  CODE OF STATE

ENFORCEMENT. (ยง 8-2177)

(a) Penalty. 
Violation of any provision of this article may subject the offender to a civil
penalty to be recovered by the City in a civil action in the nature of debt if
the offender does not pay the penalty within thirty (30) days after the
assessment has become final by exhaustion of the appeal process established by
this section, or by failure to appeal the assessment and will be subject to
temporary water service interruption. 
Except as otherwise provided in this article and in mandatory water use
restriction ordinances, the civil penalty for violation of any provision of this
article shall not exceed one thousand dollars ($1,000.00) per day for each day
of continuous violation, or a cumulative or single civil penalty of twenty-five
thousand dollars ($25,000.00). The civil penalty for willful violation of any
provision of this article shall not exceed five thousand dollars ($5,000.00) per
day for each day of a continuous violation, or a cumulative or single civil
penalty of twenty five thousand dollars ($25,000.00).

(b) Assessment. 
Any civil penalty shall be assessed by the Public Utilities Director, and shall
be based upon the reasonable estimated cost of correcting the cited violation,
the magnitude of the potential risk posed to the public health, safety and
welfare by the violation, and the cost of the public safety or other emergency
response caused by the violation. The Public Utilities Director shall serve
written notice of the civil penalty assessment on the offender and set out with
reasonable care the basis of the amount so assessed.

(c) Equitable relief. 
The provisions of this article may be enforced by an appropriate equitable
remedy, including a mandatory or prohibitory injunction, issuing from a court of
competent jurisdiction.

(d) Enforcement option. 
The penalties and enforcement provisions established by this article may be
applied in addition to or in lieu of the penalties established by other sections
of this Code and applicable ordinances. 
(Ord. No. 2007-235, ยง1, 5-15-07)
