                                  CODE OF STATE

SAME; DUTIES OF CITY TREASURER. (ยง I-V-5.4)

(1) The City Treasurer shall be the custodian of all funds of the City of
Raleigh and shall cause to be kept a proper record showing the source from which
said funds are derived and shall disburse the same in accordance with due
authority given by the City Council, or otherwise by law.

(2) He shall see and require that all departments of the City of Raleigh which
receive funds for said City make or cause to be made daily deposits of same to
credit of the City of Raleigh in a depository approved and designated by the
City Council, and he shall require that duplicate deposit slips be presented to
him by the official or officials having responsibility for making such deposits
upon the same day upon which the deposit is made.

(3) He shall sign all checks issued for disbursement of funds of the City of
Raleigh which are by this charter or otherwise required to be deposited to the
credit of said City and require that due authority be given for the execution of
such checks and only after the same have been duly audited.

(4) He shall execute all notes, bonds or other evidences of indebtedness for the
City of Raleigh where the same are required by private or public law to be
executed by the City Treasurer.

(5) He shall see that all depositories designated by the City Council post
depository bonds, keep the same in force and on file with the City Clerk, or in
lieu thereof place sufficient and proper collateral as may be allowed by law or
action of the City Council; and he is specifically charged with the duties
imposed by G.S. 159-28.

(6) He shall assist the City Manager and the City Accountant in the preparation
of the budget for the City of Raleigh and shall advise with them and with the
City Council upon the finances and issuance of bonds and other obligations of
the City.

(7) He shall pass upon the sufficiency of the surety of all bonds required to be
deposited with the City of Raleigh by contract, ordinances or otherwise.

(8) He shall attend to all duties as may be required of him by ordinances or
laws heretofore or hereafter enacted.

(9) He shall attend to such other duties as may be required of him by the City
Council.
