                                  CODE OF STATE

POWERS AND DUTIES. (ยง I-VI-6.4)

(1) He shall act as accountant for the City and its various departments in
settling with all City officers, and shall be head of the accounting division.

(2) He shall compile the current expense estimates for the budget for the City
Manager.

(3) He shall compile the capital estimates for the budget for City Manager.

(4) He shall supervise and be responsible for the disbursement of all moneys and
have control over all expenditures to insure that budget appropriations are not
exceeded.

(5) He shall maintain a general accounting system for the City government and
each of its offices, departments and agencies; keep books for and exercise
financial budgetary control over each office, department and agency; keep
separate accounts for the items of appropriation contained in the City budget,
each of which accounts shall show the amount of the appropriation, the amounts
paid therefrom, the unpaid obligations against it and the unencumbered balance;
require reports of receipts and disbursements from each receiving and spending
agency of the City government to be made daily or at such intervals as he may
deem expedient.

(6) He shall keep a record of the date, source and amount of each item of
receipt, and the date, payee or contractor, the specific purpose and the amount
of the disbursement made.

(7) He shall require officers and departments receiving or disbursing money of
the City, or its subdivisions, to keep a record of the date, source and amount
of each item of receipts, and the date, the payee or contractor, the specific
purpose and the amount of the disbursement made, and shall require the officer
or department to keep a copy of such contract.

(8) He shall examine or test check once a month, and at such other times as the
City Council may direct, all books, accounts, receipts, vouchers and other
records of all City officers and employees and departments of the City
administration receiving or expending public money.

(9) He shall require all officers and employees of the City, whose duty it is to
collect fines, penalties or other money, to be applied to public purposes, to
file with him each month, or more often if the City Council so directs, a report
of all fees collected by such officers. 
(10)	He shall monthly, or as often as he may be directed by the City Council,
file with the Council a complete statement of the financial condition of the
City, and its subdivisions, showing receipts and expenditures of the different
departments of the City.

(11. He shall advise with the Mayor, City Manager, Treasurer and the various
department heads of the City of Raleigh, and its subdivisions, and with the
Local Government Commission of the State of North Carolina, and he shall inform
himself as to the best and simplest methods of so doing so as to bring about, as
far as possible, a simple, accurate and uniform system of keeping accounts of
the City and its various departments.

(12. He shall, in conjunction with the City Manager and Treasurer, submit to the
City Council, at the proper time, an annual budget estimate and budget which
shall be prepared in accordance with the provisions of the general laws of North
Carolina as the same are now or may hereafter exist.

(13. He shall perform such other duties as may be imposed upon him by the City
Council and those which may be now or hereafter required of municipal
accountants by the general laws of the State of North Carolina and as applicable
to the City of Raleigh.

(14. He shall certify on all contracts of the City as to whether or not funds of
said City have been properly provided for the carrying out of said contracts on
the part of the City.
