                                  CODE OF STATE

[SEVERABILITY.] (§ II-13-4011)

(a) It shall be unlawful for any person to dump or deposit from trucks, trailers
or other vehicles any waste, refuse, garbage, ashes, rubbish, building rubbish,
combustible refuse, noncombustible refuse or industrial waste (hereinafter in
this section referred to as waste material) upon any of the sanitary landfills
of the City except as herein provided.

(b) Only waste material generated within the Raleigh City limits or authorized
by contract with the City of Raleigh may be deposited in the City landfill.

(c) Persons hauling waste material generated from commercial, industrial and all
other uses shall be charged disposal fees of twenty-eight dollars ($28.00) per
ton for wastes. For wastes other than white goods there shall be a minimum
charge, based on the prorated weight of one-half (0.5) ton for each transaction.
The disposal fee for white goods shall be prorated based on actual weight.

(d) No fee shall be charged for disposal of scrap tires from any source, except
as permitted by state law for (1) new tires disposed of by the manufacturer
because they do not meet the manufacturer&#8217;s standards, and (2) tires
delivered without an accompanying certificate required by G.S. 130A-309.58
indicating that the tires originated within North Carolina. Where fees for tire
disposal are permitted by state law, the fee charged shall be set according to
the then current cost of disposal to the City.

(e) Persons, businesses, or organizations shall not be charged a disposal fee
for waste collected under contract with the City, but shall be charged a
disposal fee of twenty-eight dollars ($28.00) per ton for all other wastes.

(f) Each load, or part thereof, of waste material dumped, deposited or delivered
to any of the City&#8217;s landfills shall be weighed by an authorized agent of
the City as it enters and leaves landfill.

(g) It shall be unlawful for any person to pay or for the supervisor and/or
employees at the landfill to receive anything of value for the privileges
accorded by this section, or for the supervisor of any landfill to receive any
waste material except in conformity herewith, except as provided for in above
sections.

(h) The Solid Waste Services Director shall require all users of the landfill
that are levied fees to be registered prior to dumping of refuse. A report on
names of users to be charged along with fees will be provided to the Revenue
Collector for collecting such fees.

(i) This section shall not apply to employees of City departments using City
equipment in the performance of their assigned duties.

(j) Persons using the City&#8217;s landfill, in addition, shall comply with all
other reasonable regulations promulgated by the City Manager and/or approved by
the City Council.

(k) 

   (1) 	Hours open to public: 7:00 a.m. to 3:45 p.m., Monday through Saturday.
   Closed Sundays and holidays.
   

   (2) 	Prohibited waste materials: 
   a.	All liquid wastes. 
   b.	Hazardous solid wastes (includes but is not limited to explosives,
   radioactive materials, hot ashes, burning or smoldering materials, and
   groundwater contaminants). 
   c.	Automotive vehicles and large parts thereof.
   d.	Large metal fabrications and appliances.
   e.	Building, roadway, drainage or other construction or demolition debris,
   unless it is reduced to its smallest practicable sizes.
   f.	Tree trunks and limbs greater than six (6) inches in diameter and six (6)
   feet in length.
   g.	Human bodies or parts thereof and/or pathological material.
   h.	All white goods (to include inoperative and discarded refrigerators,
   ranges, water heaters, freezers and other similar domestic and commercial
   large appliances). 
   i.	All lead-acid batteries.
   j.	All tree trimmings, hedge cuttings, or similar materials (yard waste). 
   k.	All yard trash as described in G.S. 130A-309.10. 
   l.	Aluminum cans.
   

   (3) 	Users must comply with &#8220;Rules and Regulations Providing Standards
   for Solid Waste Disposal&#8221; as adopted by the North Carolina State Board
   of Health. 
   

   (4) 	Users must be registered with the Solid Waste Services Director and be
   able to identify sources of wastes delivered to the landfill. 
   

   (5) 	All loads of wastes shall be covered or otherwise loaded and secured to
   prevent contents from falling, leaking, spilling or blowing. 
   

   (6) 	Vehicles and containers containing garbage shall be covered and
   leakproof. 
   

   (7) 	All vehicles shall be weighed before and after dumping their loads. 
   

   (8) 	Only the vehicle operator and one additional person will be permitted to
   accompany each vehicle to the dumping site. No children (minors) will be
   authorized beyond the weigh station. 
   

   (9) 	Dumping will be permitted at designated areas only.
   (10)	City personnel and equipment will not assist in unloading vehicles or
   containers. 
   

   (11. 	City personnel and equipment will not assist in extricating disabled
   vehicles unless the vehicle operators execute appropriate waivers of
   liability. 
   

   (12. 	The following are specifically prohibited: 
   a.	Fires or other burning.
   b.	Scavenging and loitering.
   c.	Dumping of wastes after 1:00 p.m., which contain foul odors (includes but
   is not limited to soy bean hulls). 
   

(l) 

   (1) 	For the first disposal, a written notice will be issued. 
   

   (2) 	For the second disposal, a total charge will be made equal to two (2)
   times the disposal fee set forth in this section (the surcharge being equal to
   the disposal fee). 
   

   (3) 	For the third and any subsequent disposals, a total charge equal to three
   (3) times the disposal fee set forth in this section (the surcharge being
   equal to twice the disposal fee). 
   

(m) Anyone dumping or depositing yard trash into any City-operated sanitary
landfill shall remove such trash immediately upon being requested to do so by a
representative of the City. If the person depositing any such trash fails to
remove it upon request of the City, the trash will be removed by City forces and
deposited in the yard waste center. The person who illegally deposited the yard
trash shall be billed by the City for its cost in removing the waste from the
sanitary landfill, for the cost of transporting the trash to the yard waste
center, and for the standard tipping fee for a load of the requisite size to
accommodate the removal. 
In addition to any other penalties and remedies available hereunder, any person
depositing yard trash into a sanitary landfill of the City shall be subject to a
one hundred dollar ($100.00) civil penalty for the initial deposit and a fifty
dollar ($50.00) per day civil penalty for each day the trash remains in the
sanitary landfill after its removal has been ordered.

(n) Anyone dumping or depositing aluminum cans into any City-operated sanitary
landfill shall remove such cans upon request from a representative of the City.
If the person depositing such cans fails to remove them at the request of the
City, the cans will be removed by the City. The person who deposited the cans in
the landfill shall be billed by the City for the cost of removing the cans from
the landfill, and for the cost of delivering the cans for recycling, and for any
cost of cleaning or emptying the cans to make them acceptable for recycling. 
In addition to any other penalties and remedies available hereunder, any person
depositing aluminum cans into a sanitary landfill of the City shall be subject
to a one hundred dollar ($100.00) civil penalty for the initial deposit and a
fifty dollar ($50.00) per day penalty for each day the cans remain in the
sanitary landfill after their removal has been ordered. 
(Ord. No. 1998-454, §9, 11-4-98) 
Editor&#8217;s note: Subsection (k)(2)j was added by Ord. No. 1992-36, effective
Jan. 1, 1993. That addition required the renumbering of the provisions added by
Ord. No. 1992-104 from (k)(2)j to (k)(2)l. A new subsection (l) was added by §1
of Ord. No. 1992-68, §5 declared the surtax given in paragraphs (2) and (3) of
that subsection effective July 1, 1993. That addition necessitated the
renumbering of the provisions added by Ord. No. 1992-104 from §7-2007(l) to
(m).
